co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/taskmonitoring/TaskMonitoringModel.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.taskmonitoring.TaskMonitoringModel
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/documentationcnm/DocumentationCNMPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.documentationcnm.DocumentationCNMPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearchTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.advancedsearch.AdvancedSearchTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/novelty/NoveltyModel.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.novelty.NoveltyModel
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/taskmonitoring/TaskMonitoringPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.taskmonitoring.TaskMonitoringPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/taskmonitoring/TaskMonitoring.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.taskmonitoring.TaskMonitoring
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/statemanagement/StateManagementTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.statemanagement.StateManagementTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/novelty/NoveltyPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.novelty.NoveltyPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/suraclimbing/SuraClimbingTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.suraclimbing.SuraClimbingTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/advancedsearch/AdvancedSearchPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.advancedsearch.AdvancedSearchPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/listenending/EndingPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.listenending.EndingPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/statemanagement/StateManagementPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.statemanagement.StateManagementPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/documentationcnm/DocumentationCNMTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.documentationcnm.DocumentationCNMTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/listenending/EndingModel.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.listenending.EndingModel
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/listenending/Ending.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.listenending.Ending
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/casetask/CaseModel.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.casetask.CaseModel
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/suraclimbing/SuraClimbingPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.suraclimbing.SuraClimbingPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/suppliermonitoring/SupplierMonitoringTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.suppliermonitoring.SupplierMonitoringTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/login/LoginTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.login.LoginTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/suppliermonitoring/SupplierMonitoringPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.suppliermonitoring.SupplierMonitoringPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/suppliermanagement/SupplierManagementPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.suppliermanagement.SupplierManagementPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/novelty/Novelty.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.novelty.Novelty
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/login/LoginPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.login.LoginPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/parameterization/CaseClosureTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.parameterization.CaseClosureTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/parameterization/ControlBoardsParameterizationTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.parameterization.ControlBoardsParameterizationTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/parameterization/StrategyPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.parameterization.StrategyPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/parameterization/StrategyTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.parameterization.StrategyTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/parameterization/AssignmentTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.parameterization.AssignmentTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/parameterization/HideMonitoringTasksPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.parameterization.HideMonitoringTasksPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/home/ControlBoardsPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.home.ControlBoardsPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/parameterization/CaseClosurePage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.parameterization.CaseClosurePage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/parameterization/ListsParameterizationTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.parameterization.ListsParameterizationTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/parameterization/ControlBoardsParameterizationPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.parameterization.ControlBoardsParameterizationPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/parameterization/ListsParameterizationPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.parameterization.ListsParameterizationPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/casetask/Case.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.casetask.Case
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/parameterization/AssignmentPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.parameterization.AssignmentPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/parameterization/TrafficLightPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.parameterization.TrafficLightPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/home/ControlBoardsTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.home.ControlBoardsTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/cases/CasePage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.cases.CasePage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/parameterization/HideMonitoringTasksTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.parameterization.HideMonitoringTasksTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/questions/TheModal.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.questions.TheModal
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/cases/suppliermanagement/SupplierManagementTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.cases.suppliermanagement.SupplierManagementTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/parameterization/TrafficLightTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.parameterization.TrafficLightTask
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/cases/login/HomePage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.cases.login.HomePage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/userinterface/parameterization/AlertRecipientsPage.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.userinterface.parameterization.AlertRecipientsPage
co/konecta/sura/certificate/task/parameterization/AlertRecipientsTask.java
 co.konecta.sura.certificate.task.parameterization.AlertRecipientsTask
